DATA = {
"ABACUS": "The first ever Computer, Invented by the Chinese around 4000 years ago." ,
"NAPIER'S BONES": "Was a manually operated calculating device, It was invented by John Napier." ,
"PASCALINE": "Invented by Blaise Pascal, It was the first Mechanical and automatic calculator." ,
"LEIBNIZ WHEEL": "Invented by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz in 1673,he developed this device by improving Pascal's invention to develop this machine." ,
"ANALYTICAL ENGINE": "Invented by Charles Babbage, it was a mechanical computer that used punch cards as input" ,
"TABULATING MACHINE": "Invented by Herman Hollerith, it was a mechanical tabulator that was based on punch cards. It was capable of tabulating statistics, record, sort data or information." , "DIFFERENTIAL ANALYZER": "The first electronic computer introduced in the year 1930 in the United States. it was basically an analog device that was invented by Vannevar Bush" , "MARK I": "Around 1937 major changes began in the history of computers when Howard Aiken planned to develop a machine that could perform large calculations or calculations involving large numbers. On 1944, Mark I computer was built as a partnership between IBM and Harvard."  , "FIRST GENERATION": "Around 1940-1956 was referred to as the first generation of computers, these machines are slow, huge, and expensive." , "SECOND GENERATION": "Around 1957-1963 was referred to as the second generation of computers, It was the time of the transistors computers." , "THIRD GENERATION": "In the third Generation of Computers (1964-1971), Integrated Circuits(IC) were used instead of Transistors(<-used in Second Generation). A sinfle IC consists of many transistors which increased the power of a computer and also reduced the cost. The Third Generation Comouters are more Reliable, Efficient, and Smaller in size." , "FOURTH GENERATION": "Between 1971-1980 was the period of the Fourth Generstion of Computers. It used VLSI (Very Large Scale Integrated) circuit. VLSI is a chip containing millions of transistors and other circuit elements and because of these chips, the computers of this generation are more Compact, Powerful, Fast, and Affordable (Low in cost)" , "FIFTH GENERATION": "From 1980 till today, The Fifth Generation of Computers are still being used. The ULSI (Ultra Large Scale Integration) Technology is used in this generation if computers instead of the VLSI Technology of the Fourth Generation Computers. Microprocessor chips with ten million electronic components are used in these computers. Parallel processing hardware and AI (Artificial Intelligence) software are also used in this generation." , "COMPUTER": "A Computer is an electronic device that can Receive, Store, Process, and Output data. Computers consist of hardware components such as the Central Processing Unit (CPU), Memory (R.A.M.), Storage (SSD, HDD), Input (Keyboard, Mouse) / Output (Monitor, Headphones) devices and peripherals, as well as software components such as the Opersting System (OS) and Applications." , "DIGITAL COMPUTERS": "These are the modern computers which are capable of processing informstion in discrete form. In digital technology data which can be in the form of letters, symbols, or numbers is represented in binary form (in 0s and 1s)" , "ANALOG COMPUTERS": "These computers are used to process data generated by ongoing physical processes. A thermometer is an example of an Analog Computer since t measures the change in mercury level continuously." , "HYBRID COMPUTERS": "These use both analog and digital technology. it has the speed of analog computer and the accuracy of a digital computer. Hybrid Computers are used as a cost effective means for complex simulations." , "SUPERCOMPUTERS": "These are the most powerful and expensive computers that are used for complex scientific calculations, simulations, and research." , "MAINFRAME COMPUTERS": "These are large and powerful computers that are used by large organizations such as banks, airlines, and givernment agencies to process massive amounts of data and handle multiple users simultaneously." , "MINI COMPUTERS": "These are smaller and less powerful than mainframe computers, but they are still capable of handling multiple users and processing large amihnts of data." , "PERSONAL COMPUTERS": "These are small and affordable computers that are designed for individual users. They are commonly used for personal productivity, entertainment, and communication." , "WORKSTATIONS": " These are High-performance computers that are used by professionals such as architects, engineers, and designers to run complex software applications for tasks such as 3D modeling, animation, and scientific visualization." , "EMBEDDED SYSTEMS": "These are specialized computers that are built into other devices such as cars, appliances, and medical equipment to control their operations and perform specific functions" , "MOBILE DEVICES": "These are small and portable computers that are designed for on-the-go use, such as smartphones, tablets, and laptops." , "PERIPHERAL DEVICES": " These devices are used for performing the specific functions and are connected to the computer externally." , " SYSTEM SOFTWARE": "These are those software, without which our PC (Personal Computer) and Laptop won't run, It is essential for a device to be operating." , "APPLICATION SOFTWARE": "These are those software without which our PC or Laptop can run, these software are not necessary for a device to be operating." , "HACKER": "They will just warn you something about malicious activity going around in your computer. it will not steal your information." , "CRACKER": " They will try to steal your information without informing you." , "SECURITY": "It's important to keep your computer secure by using antivirus software, firewalls, and other security measures. This helps protect your data and prevent unauthorized access to you system." 
}

a = input(" Search for the definition of: ")
print(DATA[a])